docs/en/concepts/custom_action.md, before:

# 自定义 Action

### 动机
对于使用者来讲，Kubean 和 Kubesprary 的产物都是 OCI 镜像、 helm chart 及 K8s manifests。在已拿到这些产物的情况下要自定义一些操作，也能做到，但是会比较复杂，需要手动修改不少的配置。希望能够简化这一过程。

### 目标
提供一种便捷的方式能够让使用者使用一些自定义的操作来查看、修改和控制集群节点的状态。

### CRD 设计
1. 增加 ActionSource 字段以声明 Action 来源，其值目前支持：
   - builtin（缺省值） 

     表明使用 kubean 内建 ansible playbook 或在 manifest 内联的 shell 脚本

   - configmap

     表明需要的 ansible playbook 或 shell 脚本通过 引用 K8s configmap 来获取

2. 增加 ActionSourceRef 字段以声明当 ActionSource 值为 configmap 时所引用的资源对象，且仅当 ActionSource 为 configmap 时此字段才生效，其格式为：
    ```yaml
    actionSourceRef:
      name: <configmap name>
      namespace: <namespace of configmap>
    ```
   
配置示例：
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: cluster1-demo-myaction
  namespace: kubean-system
data:
  myplaybook.yml: |
    - hosts: k8s_cluster
      gather_facts: false
      become: yes
      any_errors_fatal: "{{ any_errors_fatal | default(true) }}"
      tasks:
        - name: Print inventory hostname
          debug:
            msg: "inventory_hostname is {{ inventory_hostname }}"
  hello.sh: |
    echo "hello world!"
---
apiVersion: kubean.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterOperation
metadata:
  name: cluster1-demo-ops-1
spec:
  cluster: cluster1-demo
  image: ghcr.io/kubean-io/spray-job:latest
  backoffLimit: 0
  actionType: playbook
  action: myplaybook.yml
  actionSource: configmap
  actionSourceRef:
    name: cluster1-demo-myaction
    namespace: kubean-system
  preHook:
    - actionType: shell
      action: hello.sh
      actionSource: configmap
      actionSourceRef:
        name: cluster1-demo-myaction
        namespace: kubean-system
```

Commit message:

[docs] update custom_action
Signed-off-by: windsonsea <haifeng.yao@daocloud.io>

docs/en/concepts/custom_action.md, after:

# Custom Actions

## Motivation

For users, the products of Kubean and Kubespray are OCI images, Helm charts, and K8s manifests.
If you want to customize some operations after obtaining these products, it is possible but can
be complicated and requires a lot of manual configuration modifications. We hope to simplify this process.

## Goal

Provide a convenient way for users to use customized actions to view, modify, and control the status of cluster nodes.

## CRD Design

1. Add the ActionSource field to declare the source of the action, whose value currently supports:

   - builtin (default)

        Indicates the use of Kubean's built-in Ansible playbook or shell script in the manifest.

   - configmap

        Indicates that the required Ansible playbook or shell script is obtained by referencing a K8s ConfigMap.

2. Add the ActionSourceRef field to declare the resource object referenced
   when ActionSource is configmap. This field only takes effect when ActionSource is configmap,
   and its format is:

    ```yaml
    actionSourceRef:
      name: <configmap name>
      namespace: <namespace of configmap>
    ```

Configuration example:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: cluster1-demo-myaction
  namespace: kubean-system
data:
  myplaybook.yml: |
    - hosts: k8s_cluster
      gather_facts: false
      become: yes
      any_errors_fatal: "{{ any_errors_fatal | default(true) }}"
      tasks:
        - name: Print inventory hostname
          debug:
            msg: "inventory_hostname is {{ inventory_hostname }}"
  hello.sh: |
    echo "hello world!"
---
apiVersion: kubean.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterOperation
metadata:
  name: cluster1-demo-ops-1
spec:
  cluster: cluster1-demo
  image: ghcr.io/kubean-io/spray-job:latest
  backoffLimit: 0
  actionType: playbook
  action: myplaybook.yml
  actionSource: configmap
  actionSourceRef:
    name: cluster1-demo-myaction
    namespace: kubean-system
  preHook:
    - actionType: shell
      action: hello.sh
      actionSource: configmap
      actionSourceRef:
        name: cluster1-demo-myaction
        namespace: kubean-system
```
