docs/test/testcase_details/create_cluster.md, before:

#  Create cluster case

### Create basic cluster
    1. deploy kubean in a k8s cluster
    2. prepare config files (include: hosts-conf-cm.yml, kubeanCluster.yml, kubeanClusterOps.yml, vars-conf-cm.yml)
    3. prepare one machine to setup k8s cluster: centos 7.9, x86
    4. set k8s version :1.24.3
    5. set CRI: containerD
    6. set CNI: calico
    7. set Calico tunnel mode: IPIP always
    8. set override_system_hostname: false
    9. set auto_renew_certificates: false
    10. set ssh method: username and password
    11. start create cluster

### Support CNI: Calico
    1. prepare the config file and set CNI: Calico
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 1 worker
    3. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    4. check calico (calico-node and calico-kube-controller)pod status: pod status should be "Running"
    5. check folder /opt/cni/bin contains  file "calico" and "calico-ipam" are exist in both master and worker node
    6. check pod connection:
        6.1. create a deployment of nginx1 on master, on namespace ns1: set replicaset to 1(here call the pod as pod1)
        6.2. create a deployment of nginx2 on worker, on namespace ns2: set replicaset to 1(here call the pod as pod2)
        6.3  login master node, ping the pod2 ip, should be success
        6.4  login pod2, ping pod1 ip, should be success

### Support CRI: ContainerD
    1. prepare the config file and set CRI: ContainerD
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master
    3. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    4. check containerD with cmd: systemctl status containerD, the output should contain 'active' and 'running'

### Not overwrite hostname
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check hostname of node: the hostname is not changed by kubean

### Create cluster with one master and one worker
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology config: 1 master and 1 worker
    3. prepare 2 hosts
    4. start setup cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    6. check the cluster topology is: 1 master and 1 worker

### Support k8s: 1.23
    1. prepare the config file and set k8s version: 1.23.x
    2. change cluster topology config: 1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check k8s version by cmd: kubectl version  --short, the "Server Version" should be: v1.23.x
    6. check cluster node version, the version should be v1.23.x

### Support k8s: 1.24
    1. prepare the config file and set k8s version: 1.24.x
    2. change cluster topology config: 1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check k8s version by cmd: kubectl version  --short, the "Server Version" should be: v1.24.x
    6. check cluster node version, the version should be v1.24.x

### Support CRI: docker
    1. prepare the config file and set CRI: ContainerD
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check docker status with cmd: systemctl status docker, the output should contain 'active' and 'running'

### SSH authorization: private key
    1. prepare the config file, and set cluster topology to: 1 master + 0 worker
    2. generate secret key on kubean node with cmd: ssh-keygen
    3. scp public key file to every cluster node use cmd: ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub root@xx.xx.xx.xx
    4. write base64 code of /root/.ssh/id_rsa to the config file ssh-auth-secret.yml
    5. start create cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Support CRI: Cilium
    1. prepare the config file and set CNI: Cilium
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 1 worker
    3. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    4. check calico pod status: pod status be "Running"
    5. login node, check the file "cilium" and "cilium-ipam" are in folder  /opt/cni/bin
    6. create 2 pods, check the connection between pod to pod and between node to pod:
        6.1 login node, then ping the pod ip
        6.2 login pod, ping the other pod ip

### Support kube_pods_subnet
    1. prepare the config file and set kube_pods_subnet: 192.168.128.0/20
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. create a nginx deployment, check whether the pod ip is within the subnet

### Support kube_service_addresses
    1. prepare the config file and set kube_service_addresses: 10.96.0.0/12
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. create a nginx service, check whether the service ip is within the service subnet

### Support cluster ca auto_renew
    1. prepare the config file, and set config of auto_renew_certificates: true
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. set config of update frequency, refer to: auto_renew_certificates_systemd_calendar: "*-*-* 15:{{ groups['kube_control_plane'].index(inventory_hostname) }}0:00"
    4. start create cluster
    5. after creation, list timer on master node with cmd: systemctl list-timers
    6. check timer whether the list include k8s-cert-renew.timer, and the cert-renew timer's frequency is right
    7. after timer excused, check whether the k8s ca info is updated with cmd: kubeadm certs check-expiration

### Support overwrite hostname
    1. prepare the config file and set override_system_hostname: true
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check the hostname of cluster node: the hostname is overwrited by kuean

### Support Readhat8 OS
    1. prepare the config file
    2. set cluster topology config in hosts-config-cm.yml： 1 master + 0 worker
    3. prepare 2 redhat8 machines and enable the repository using subscription-manager in RHEL
    4. start install cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Support Centos8 OS
    1. prepare the config file
    2. set cluster topology: 1 master + 0 worker
    3. prepare 2 Centos8 machines and change the Yum source
    4. start install cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Ntp func when create cluster
    1. prepare the config file and set parameter: ntp_enabled=true
    2. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    3. change the system time of one master node with cmd: date -s "**:**:**"
    4. start create cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Create cluster topology ：3 master and 2 worker
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology: 3 master + 2 worker
    3. prepare 5 machines
    4. start setup cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Create cluster set all the nodes with same name
    1. prepare the config file, and set all the node name with same name in host-conf-cm.yml(ex set both nodes name as "master1")
    2. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Error"

### Create cluster with calico IPIP_Always tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_Always:
            calico_ipip_mode: Always
            calico_vxlan_mode: Never
            calico_network_backend: bird
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
            7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
            7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
            7.3 check point:
                    spec.ipipMode=Always;
                    spec.vxlanMode=Never
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1


### Create cluster with calico IPIP_CrossSubnet tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_Always:
        calico_ipip_mode: CrossSubnet
        calico_vxlan_mode: Never
        calico_network_backend: bird
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
        7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
        7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
        7.3 check point:
                spec.ipipMode=CrossSubnet
                spec.vxlanMode=Never
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster with calico Vxlan_Always tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_CrossSubnet:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: Always
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
            7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
            7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
            7.3 check point:
                    spec.ipipMode=Never
                    spec.vxlanMode=Always
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster with calico Vxlan_CrossSubnet tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_CrossSubnet:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: CrossSubnet
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
        7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
        7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
        7.3 check point:
                spec.ipipMode=Never
                spec.vxlanMode=CrossSubnet
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1

### Redhat84 OS Compitable
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    3. start setup cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    6. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    7. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    8. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: Vxlan_Always(v4)_Vxlan_Always(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
         enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: Always
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: Always
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: Vxlan_CrossSubnet(v4)_Vxlan_Always(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
         enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: CrossSubnet
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: Always
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: IPIP_Always(v4)_Vxlan_CrossSubnet(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
        enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: Always
        calico_vxlan_mode: Never
        calico_network_backend: bird
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: CrossSubnet
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: IPIP_CrossSubnet(v4)_Vxlan_CrossSubnet(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
        enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: CrossSubnet
        calico_vxlan_mode: Never
        calico_network_backend: bird
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: CrossSubnet
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1

Commit message:

fix offline e2e and update iptables e2e test

docs/test/testcase_details/create_cluster.md, after:

#  Create cluster case

### Create basic cluster
    1. deploy kubean in a k8s cluster
    2. prepare config files (include: hosts-conf-cm.yml, kubeanCluster.yml, kubeanClusterOps.yml, vars-conf-cm.yml)
    3. prepare one machine to setup k8s cluster: centos 7.9, x86
    4. set k8s version :1.24.3
    5. set CRI: containerD
    6. set CNI: calico
    7. set Calico tunnel mode: IPIP always
    8. set override_system_hostname: false
    9. set auto_renew_certificates: false
    10. set ssh method: username and password
    11. start create cluster

### Support CNI: Calico
    1. prepare the config file and set CNI: Calico
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 1 worker
    3. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    4. check calico (calico-node and calico-kube-controller)pod status: pod status should be "Running"
    5. check folder /opt/cni/bin contains  file "calico" and "calico-ipam" are exist in both master and worker node
    6. check pod connection:
        6.1. create a deployment of nginx1 on master, on namespace ns1: set replicaset to 1(here call the pod as pod1)
        6.2. create a deployment of nginx2 on worker, on namespace ns2: set replicaset to 1(here call the pod as pod2)
        6.3  login master node, ping the pod2 ip, should be success
        6.4  login pod2, ping pod1 ip, should be success

### Support CRI: ContainerD
    1. prepare the config file and set CRI: ContainerD
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master
    3. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    4. check containerD with cmd: systemctl status containerD, the output should contain 'active' and 'running'

### Not overwrite hostname
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check hostname of node: the hostname is not changed by kubean

### Create cluster with one master and one worker
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology config: 1 master and 1 worker
    3. prepare 2 hosts
    4. start setup cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    6. check the cluster topology is: 1 master and 1 worker

### Support k8s: 1.23
    1. prepare the config file and set k8s version: 1.23.x
    2. change cluster topology config: 1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check k8s version by cmd: kubectl version  --short, the "Server Version" should be: v1.23.x
    6. check cluster node version, the version should be v1.23.x

### Support k8s: 1.24
    1. prepare the config file and set k8s version: 1.24.x
    2. change cluster topology config: 1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check k8s version by cmd: kubectl version  --short, the "Server Version" should be: v1.24.x
    6. check cluster node version, the version should be v1.24.x

### Support CRI: docker
    1. prepare the config file and set CRI: ContainerD
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check docker status with cmd: systemctl status docker, the output should contain 'active' and 'running'

### SSH authorization: private key
    1. prepare the config file, and set cluster topology to: 1 master + 0 worker
    2. generate secret key on kubean node with cmd: ssh-keygen
    3. scp public key file to every cluster node use cmd: ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub root@xx.xx.xx.xx
    4. write base64 code of /root/.ssh/id_rsa to the config file ssh-auth-secret.yml
    5. start create cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Support CRI: Cilium
    1. prepare the config file and set CNI: Cilium
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 1 worker
    3. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    4. check calico pod status: pod status be "Running"
    5. login node, check the file "cilium" and "cilium-ipam" are in folder  /opt/cni/bin
    6. create 2 pods, check the connection between pod to pod and between node to pod:
        6.1 login node, then ping the pod ip
        6.2 login pod, ping the other pod ip

### Support kube_pods_subnet
    1. prepare the config file and set kube_pods_subnet: 192.168.128.0/20
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. create a nginx deployment, check whether the pod ip is within the subnet

### Support kube_service_addresses
    1. prepare the config file and set kube_service_addresses: 10.96.0.0/12
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. create a nginx service, check whether the service ip is within the service subnet

### Support cluster ca auto_renew
    1. prepare the config file, and set config of auto_renew_certificates: true
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. set config of update frequency, refer to: auto_renew_certificates_systemd_calendar: "*-*-* 15:{{ groups['kube_control_plane'].index(inventory_hostname) }}0:00"
    4. start create cluster
    5. after creation, list timer on master node with cmd: systemctl list-timers
    6. check timer whether the list include k8s-cert-renew.timer, and the cert-renew timer's frequency is right
    7. after timer excused, check whether the k8s ca info is updated with cmd: kubeadm certs check-expiration

### Support overwrite hostname
    1. prepare the config file and set override_system_hostname: true
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check the hostname of cluster node: the hostname is overwrited by kuean

### Support iptables mode
    1. prepare the config file and set kube_proxy_mode: iptables
    2. set cluster topology to：1 master + 0 worker
    3. start create cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. check the prox mode of cluster node: the prox mode is iptables

### Support Readhat8 OS
    1. prepare the config file
    2. set cluster topology config in hosts-config-cm.yml： 1 master + 0 worker
    3. prepare 2 redhat8 machines and enable the repository using subscription-manager in RHEL
    4. start install cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Support Centos8 OS
    1. prepare the config file
    2. set cluster topology: 1 master + 0 worker
    3. prepare 2 Centos8 machines and change the Yum source
    4. start install cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Ntp func when create cluster
    1. prepare the config file and set parameter: ntp_enabled=true
    2. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    3. change the system time of one master node with cmd: date -s "**:**:**"
    4. start create cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Create cluster topology ：3 master and 2 worker
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology: 3 master + 2 worker
    3. prepare 5 machines
    4. start setup cluster
    5. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy

### Create cluster set all the nodes with same name
    1. prepare the config file, and set all the node name with same name in host-conf-cm.yml(ex set both nodes name as "master1")
    2. start create cluster
    3. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Error"

### Create cluster with calico IPIP_Always tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_Always:
            calico_ipip_mode: Always
            calico_vxlan_mode: Never
            calico_network_backend: bird
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
            7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
            7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
            7.3 check point:
                    spec.ipipMode=Always;
                    spec.vxlanMode=Never
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1


### Create cluster with calico IPIP_CrossSubnet tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_Always:
        calico_ipip_mode: CrossSubnet
        calico_vxlan_mode: Never
        calico_network_backend: bird
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
        7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
        7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
        7.3 check point:
                spec.ipipMode=CrossSubnet
                spec.vxlanMode=Never
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster with calico Vxlan_Always tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_CrossSubnet:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: Always
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
            7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
            7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
            7.3 check point:
                    spec.ipipMode=Never
                    spec.vxlanMode=Always
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster with calico Vxlan_CrossSubnet tuning mode
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set network card mode to any one of the (FIRST FOUND, KUBERNETES INTERNAL_IP, INTERFACE REGEX)
    3. set calico tunning mode to IPIP_CrossSubnet:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: CrossSubnet
    4. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    5. start setup cluster
    6. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    7. check tunning mode:
        7.1 get ippool inf cmd: "calicoctl get ippools", and get the poolName
        7.2 query pool details: calicoctl get ippools {{poolName}} -o yaml
        7.3 check point:
                spec.ipipMode=Never
                spec.vxlanMode=CrossSubnet
    8. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    9. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    10. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    11. login pod2, ping pod1

### Redhat84 OS Compitable
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    3. start setup cluster
    4. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    5. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    6. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    7. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    8. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: Vxlan_Always(v4)_Vxlan_Always(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
         enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: Always
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: Always
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: Vxlan_CrossSubnet(v4)_Vxlan_Always(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
         enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode: CrossSubnet
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: Always
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: IPIP_Always(v4)_Vxlan_CrossSubnet(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
        enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: Always
        calico_vxlan_mode: Never
        calico_network_backend: bird
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: CrossSubnet
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1

### Create cluster support  calico dual stack v4: IPIP_CrossSubnet(v4)_Vxlan_CrossSubnet(v6)
    1. prepare the config file as basic cluster
    2. enable the dual stack switch
        enable_dual_stack_networks: true
    3. set network card mode to any one of the:
        calico_ip_auto_method: first-found
        calico_ip6_auto_method: first-found
    4. set calico tunning mode:
        calico_ipip_mode: CrossSubnet
        calico_vxlan_mode: Never
        calico_network_backend: bird
        calico_ipip_mode_ipv6: Never
        calico_vxlan_mode_ipv6: CrossSubnet
    5. set cluster topology: 1 master + 1 worker
    6. start setup cluster
    7. after creation, check the job-related pod status is "Succeeded", and check cluster status by sonobuoy
    8. check calico pods are Running
    9. check tunning mode of ipv4
    10. check tunning mode of ipv6
    11. create pod1 on master, on namespace1
    12. create pod2 on worker, on namespace2
    13. check pod1 and pod2 both have 2 ips
    14. login master node, ping pod2; login worker, ping pod1
    15. login pod2, ping pod1
