docs/en/usage/install.md, before:

# 集群部署

前置条件：通过 helm 安装 [kubean charts](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean-helm-chart).

---

## 单节点集群部署

> 参考 [`minimal`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/1.minimal/) 样例模板

参照模板，我们将创建一个多合一的单节点集群：

#### 1. 更新 [`AllInOne.yml`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/1.minimal/AllInOne.yml) 中的占位符为真实值
* `<IP1>`
* `<USERNAME>`
* `<PASSWORD>`
* `<TAG>`

#### 2. 应用 [`AllInOne.yml`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/1.minimal/AllInOne.yml) 

``` bash
$ kubectl apply -f examples/install/1.minimal/
```

---

## 加速器模式部署

> 参考 [`mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/) 样例模板

#### 1. 更新 [`2.mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/) 目录中 yaml 清单的占位符为真实值
* `<IP1>` / `<IP2>` ...
* `<USERNAME>`
* `<PASSWORD>`
* `<TAG>`

#### 2. 应用 [`2.mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/) 中的 yaml 清单

``` bash
$ kubectl apply -f examples/install/2.mirror/
```

#### 3. 加速器镜像设置请见 [`VarsConfCM`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/VarsConfCM.yml)

本例中使用到的加速器:
* 二进制加速：[public binary files mirror](https://github.com/DaoCloud/public-binary-files-mirror)
* 镜像加速：[public image mirror](https://github.com/DaoCloud/public-image-mirror)

---

## 纯离线模式部署

> 参考 [`airgap`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/3.airgap/) 样例模板


详细请浏览 [离线场景的使用](./airgap.md)


---

## SSH秘钥模式部署

详细请浏览 [使用 SSH 秘钥方式部署 K8S 集群](./sshkey_deploy_cluster.md)

---

Commit message:

docs: update usage/install
Signed-off-by: xin.li <xin.li@daocloud.io>

docs/en/usage/install.md, after:

# Cluster Installation

Preconditions: Install [kubean charts](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean-helm-chart) via helm.

---

## Install in a cluster with a single node

> Refer to [`minimal`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/1.minimal/) sample template

Referring to the template, we will create an all-in-one single-node cluster:

#### 1. Update placeholders in [`AllInOne.yml`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/1.minimal/AllInOne.yml) to real values

* `<IP1>`
* `<USERNAME>`
* `<PASSWORD>`
* `<TAG>`

#### 2. Apply [`AllInOne.yml`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/1.minimal/AllInOne.yml)

``` bash
$ kubectl apply -f examples/install/1.minimal/
```

---

## Accelerator mode deployment

> Refer to [`mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/) sample template

#### 1. Update placeholders for yaml manifests in [`2.mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/) directory to real values

* `<IP1>` / `<IP2>` ...
* `<USERNAME>`
* `<PASSWORD>`
* `<TAG>`

#### 2. Apply the yaml manifest in [`2.mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/)

``` bash
$ kubectl apply -f examples/install/2.mirror/
```

#### 3. Please refer to [`VarsConfCM`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/VarsConfCM.yml) for accelerator mirror settings

Accelerators used in this example:
* Binary acceleration: [public binary files mirror](https://github.com/DaoCloud/public-binary-files-mirror)
* Mirror acceleration: [public image mirror](https://github.com/DaoCloud/public-image-mirror)

---

## Offline installation

> Refer to [`airgap`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/3.airgap/) sample template

For details, please refer to [Use of Offline Scenarios](./airgap.md)

---

## SSH key mode installation

For details, please refer to [Use SSH key to deploy K8S cluster](./sshkey_deploy_cluster.md)

---
